Add examples for custom auth (#2053)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/builtin/credentials/httprequest.md

Read more about [OAuth2](https://oauth.net/2/){:target=_blank .external-link}.

## Using Custom Auth

> The custom auth option expects json data to define your credential, You can use `headers`, `qs`, `body` or a mix depending on what you need to use. See the examples below to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Generic Auth Type** > **Custom Auth** option expects JSON data to define your credential. You can use `headers`, `qs`, `body` or a mix. See the examples below to get started.
```

> ### Sending 2 Headers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Sending two headers
```

```
{
	"headers": {
		"X-AUTH-USERNAME": "username",
		"X-AUTH-PASSWORD": "password"
	}
}
```

### Body
```
{
	 "body" : {
		"user": "username",
		"pass": "password"
	}
}
```

> ### Query String

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Query string
```

```
{
	"qs": { 
		"appid": "123456",
		"apikey": "my-api-key"
	}
}
```

> ### Sending H=header and query string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Sending header and query string
```

> ### Sending Header and Query String

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Sending H=header and query string
```
